---
layout: default
title: Première Jour
location: Texas, Paris, Angers (click me!)
city: angers
---

__Rough Itinerary:__
6AM - my mom and I leave Austin for Houston. 9AM - we arrive in Houston, park the car and head to the airport. 1PM - we fly from Houston to NC. 6PM - depart from NC on our flight to Paris. 8:15AM Paris time (12:15AM Austin time) - we arrive in Paris, get through customs in 5 minutes (maybe less??), grab _un croissant_ and _du café_. I buy a sim card that's supposed to work all over Europe but I don't think it likes my phone so I can't get the data to work. 12:45PM Paris (6:45AM Austin) - we hop on a train from Paris to Angers, the sim card still isn't working.  

3:15PM Angers (9:15AM Austin) - we arrive at the train station in Angers and I leave with my host mom. We get to the (perfect) townhouse and she gives me a tour. I find out she's an interior designer and that explains why the whole house looks amazing. The washing machine is uber tiny (and uber old) and all the clothes are dried outside. My host mom (_Bénédict_ or _Béné_ for short) tells me to giver her all my dirty laundry so she can wash it. This includes towels that you need to dry after you take a shower. The townhouse has three stories and a narrow, tightly wound staircase with steps that are uneven heights. I've already tripped twice. Also, the weather is amazing so I can have my windows open all day- and no bugs! I take a shower, unpack my stuff, and get organized.

6PM Angers (12PM Austin) - _Béné_ and her oldest son, _Thibaud_, show me how to get to the university I'll be studying at and give me a mini tour around campus. They're great and patient with me and my not-very-good french. 7PM Angers (1PM Austin) - I eat dinner with the french students at the university in Angers and the other CIDEF students (several are from Japan and one is from Nova Scotia). The food is so good and way better than any other school cafeteria food I've had. I learn how to say a couple new things in conversation but for the most part I'm completely brain dead. I walk back home at around 8:15PM. After milling about for a while, I come downstairs and play Monopoly with _Béné's_ sons and their friend. I think I would have won if I hadn't chickend out and gone to bed around 10PM. 11PM - _dormir_ (zzz)



Hours from waking up in Austin to going to bed in Angers: ~36 hours

Total travel time: 27 hours

Total sleep: 5 hours (ish)


__Things I learned today:__
1. Thumbs up are okay in France (even though it's a dead giveaway that you're probably _américain_)
2. Coffee = espresso (I continued ordering this even when I wanted an americano because I didn't want to say I wanted _du café américain_)
4. The sun sets late here - like 10/10:15PM late. My sleep schedule is so out of whack.
5. Next time I go on an international flight I need to bring some Benadryl or SOMETHING because 5 hours of sleep in a total of 36 hours is not enough.
6. The French have a saying for mothers that take good care of their kids - _mére poulet_ which translates literally tom'chicken mom'. In english we call them 'mother hens.'
7. In France, yogurt can also mean pudding. 

Bonne nuit!
