---
layout: default
title: Les Chateaux
location: Chenonceau
location2: Clos Lucé
location3: Chambord
city: chenonceau
city2: clos-luce
city3: chambord
---

Castles have definitely been one of my favorite parts of this trip; I love all the old buildings and architecture here. Yesterday we took a day trip to several castles: _Chenonceau_, _Clos Lucé_, and _Chambord_. 

Chenonceau was home to Diane de Poitiers, Catherine de' Medici, and others. During WWI it served as a hospital and during WWII it marked the dividing line between free France and Nazi-occupied France. The grounds are immense and very quite; I threw on some classical music and explored this one on my own which was great.

Le Clos Lucé was the French home of Leonardo Da Vinci in Amboise. This chateau isn't large but it has a very beautiful outdoor area. My favorite part of Clos Lucé was getting to see mockups of Da Vinci's inventions/ideas. About 20 minutes before we were supposed to leave I found out there was a bakery about ten minutes away so I walked through the tiny neighborhood streets of Amboise (very very quickly) to grab a baguette for the road. On the way, there was another castle but it was enormous and had tall ramparts- hopefully, I can go back to explore it someday.

Chambord was the last castle we visited. It's so huge, I wish we had had more time to explore but I think I saw most of it. Everything about the castle and its grounds was beautiful. My favorite part of Chambord was the roof area because you could get close to the huge sculptures and walk all the way around the top; the view was stunning. I read that when Francis I commissioned Chambord he said he wanted it to look like the skyline of Constantinople. Another cool part of this particular castle was the double-spiral staircase that sits smack in the middle of the main building. The basic idea is that there are two staircases (so two entrances and two exits) that go up the three stories without ever touching. On my way back to the bus from Chambord, I bought a crepe and snuck it onto the bus for the ride back to Angers. Note to self: the regular chocolate crêpes are WAY better than the Nutella crêpes.

