---
layout: default
title: Quand à Paris...
location: Paris, France
city: paris
---

PARIS!

It was amazing.

I was in Paris for a grand total of 20 hours (in which I slept for only 15 minutes). While I would not make that exact trip again, I'm so glad I went and I can't wait to visit Paris again, but next time with a hotel. My group of friends and I (7 of us) got off the train in Paris around 10 AM and tried to catch the Bastille parade but it was way too crowded. Instead, we watched it on the TV of an overpriced but cute restaurant near _Les Invalides_, Napolean's tomb. After we ate we walked to _Les Invalides_ and explored some. The church and tomb were incredible and breath taking. Then, we got as close to _la Tour Eiffel_ as we could (it was fenced off for firework prep), made our way to _L'Arc de Triumph_, walked down the _avenue des Champs-Elysées_, got the best macarons at _Ladurée_ (seriously, go there), and made the trek to _Notre Dame_ where we actually stopped for drinks first because everyone was starting to get cranky. By the time we had explored these parts of Paris it was already 7 PM so we took the Metro back to _Champs-Elysées_ where we went to Pizza Pino, an amazing pizza restaurant. After the great ordeal that was paying the bill, we all headed to _les Jardins du Trocadéro_, which is across the river from the Eiffel Tower, to watch the fireworks. I had a good spot to watch the fireworks from and they were incredible. They shot off from all around the tower and the show lasted for a good 30 minutes. My favorite fireworks were definitely the gold ones that look like glitter falling from the sky.

After the fireworks, we all went to a bar to take a breather and figure out our next move. It was only 12 AM and we still had 6 hours to kill. We ended up on the other side of town on a street called _la Grande Avenue_ that had plenty of bars and cafes open until 4 AM or 5 AM. We spent most of our time actually wandering around this part of town since it was surprisingly well-lit and alive for 2 AM. After some good (and cheap!) crêpes we called an Uber to the train station where we planned to take a nap before our train arrived. Unfortunately, the train station wasn't actually open for another hour by the time we got there (which was around 5 AM). So most of us slept sitting up on the ground for an hour until the station/lobby opened. At 6 AM we were let into the building and at 6:15 AM we boarded the train and napped until we got back to Angers. In Angers, I stopped at an open market on the way home but pretty much went straight to sleep and didn't wake up until dinner time. Overall it was quite the adventure and I definitely fell in love with Paris, but next time I'll book a hotel.